Blake Hildebrand - Beginner user page
I am starting to get interesting in investing my money for the future, but I do not know where to start. 
I would like a website where that is beginner friendly. 
Most websites I have been to have been intimidating and confusing for a beginner like me. 
I want guided help on what stocks I should invest in, and why. 
I would also like to be able to see a company’s trends over the past month, so I can feel confident in my investments. 
A help tab on the page would be very nice to list the basics of the stock market, as well as anything else a beginner might need to know.  
A website that can help me get into the stock market and feel confident about my investments would be amazing.

Nathan Griffin - Intermediate user page
I look at stocks and the market in my free time, but never know when or if I should invest in certain stocks.
Being able to see the trend line and make a decision based off of it is what I am looking for in a stock forecaster.
Knowing when the best time to invest would also be helpful. Do I invest once it starts dropping or when it just begins to rise? 
I only look at big companies on the stock market because I don’t trust smaller companies to be able to grow on the market.
A webpage that would help me make decisions would be very useful. 

Joe Kutteh - Advanced user page
I have been trading stocks for many years. I spend a lot of time researching and reading about stocks. 
I have been looking for a website that predicts a stocks future price. 
I would like to see the stocks history and the future predictions on the same graph. 
Displaying multiple prediction algorithms in different colors would also be useful. 
I want to see all the data regarding the specific stock like PE, dividend, 52W high, 52W low, market cap, etc. 
I like using different stock indicators to help me study a stock. Having these indicators on the website would be a great feature. 
I think recommending articles relevant to the specific stock would benefit all users as well. 
I track a lot of stocks so having a user specific watchlist would be a great feature.

